[docs] Create yugabyted errors and warnings glossary.md (#11925)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/reference/configuration/yugabyted/errors-glossary.md

---
title: yugabyted Errors Glossary
linkTitle: Errors Glossary
description: yugabyted CLI errors glossary

> aliases:
>   - /latest/integrations/completeness-matrix

Reviewer: You definitely don't want this alias!
```suggestion
```

Author: addressed

---
title: yugabyted Errors and Warnings
linkTitle: Errors and Warnings
description: yugabyted CLI errors and warnings
section: REFERENCE
menu:

>   latest:

Reviewer: Need to adjust since paths have changed now.
```suggestion
  preview:
```

    identifier: yugabyted-errors-warnings

>     parent: configuration

Reviewer: You've got this in a folder called yugabyted, but the parent is configuration. Is that on purpose, or did you want it to show up as a child of yugabyted in the left nav? (If so, we need to rework a tiny bit)

Author: Yes, in left nav panel I want this to show under yugabyted because this page lists errors and warnings from yugabyted CLI

Author: @polarweasel - need your help with this

    weight: 2455
isTocNested: true
showAsideToc: true
---

> This page explains errors and warnings that you may experience while running a YugabyteDB cluster using yugabyted CLI and ways to resolve them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains errors and warnings that you may see while running a YugabyteDB cluster using the yugabyted CLI, and ways to resolve them.
```

> | CLI Message | CLI Command (Task) | Error/Warning |
> | --- | --- | --- |

Reviewer: Always good to make the alignment explicit.
```suggestion
| CLI message | CLI command (task) | Severity |
| :---------- | :----------------- | :------- |
```

| [open files ulimits value set low](#open-files-ulimits-value-set-low) | installation | Warning |
| [max user processes value set low](#max-user-processes-value-set-low) | installation | Warning |
| [Transparent hugepages disabled](#transparent-hugepages-disabled) | installation | Warning |
| [Six loopback IPs are required](#six-loopback-ips-are-required) | installation | Warning |
| [ntp package missing](#ntp-package-missing) | installation | Warning |

> ## open files ulimits value set low

Reviewer: Sentence case for titles unless there's a really good reason not to...easier to read.
```suggestion
## Open files ulimits value set low
```

> YugabyteDB needs to create a large number of files which may not be enabled/allowed by the OS by default.

Reviewer 2: Let's add a little bit more description - "YugabyteDB needs to create a large number of files for writing data, logs, and a variety of other information onto the disk. Operating Systems (OS) may not be configured to allow a user process to open a large number of files. "

We recommend setting the soft and hard limits to 1048576.

> To learn more about prerequisites for installing YugabyteDB, see [Install YugabyteDB](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/quick-start/install/macos/).

Reviewer: Always use relative paths to pages within the docs, never absolute paths, and especially NEVER full URLs.
```suggestion
Refer to [Install YugabyteDB](../../../../quick-start/install/macos/) for more prerequisites.
```

> ## max user processes value set low

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Max user processes value set low
```

> YugabyteDB needs to create many different users while running benchmarks which requires high max\_user\_processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB needs to create many different users while running benchmarks which requires high `max_user_processes`.
```

> To address this warning, we recommend setting the soft and hard limits to 12000(For Linux) and 2500(For MacOS).

Reviewer: Also: set the hard limits "to", or "to at least"?
```suggestion
To address this warning, set the soft and hard limits to 12000 (for Linux) and 2500 (for macOS).
```

> To learn more about prerequisites for installing YugabyteDB, see [Install YugabyteDB](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/quick-start/install/macos/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Install YugabyteDB](../../../../quick-start/install/macos/) for more prerequisites.
```

## Transparent hugepages disabled

> Transparent Huge Pages (THP) is a Linux memory management system that reduces the overhead of Translation Lookaside Buffer (TLB) lookups on machines with large amounts of memory by using larger memory pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transparent Huge Pages (THP) is a Linux memory management system that uses larger memory pages to reduce the overhead of Translation Lookaside Buffer (TLB) lookups on machines with large amounts of memory.
```

> Enable &#39;transparent\_hugepages&#39; on your computer or VM to resolve this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable `transparent_hugepages` on your computer or VM to resolve this issue.
```

> See [transparent hugepages](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/deploy/manual-deployment/system-config/#transparent-hugepages) to learn more about this system configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [transparent hugepages](../../../../deploy/manual-deployment/system-config/#transparent-hugepages) to learn more about this system configuration.
```

## Six loopback IPs are required

> loopback addresses are assigned to master and tservers that would run on the local machine. An RF=3 would require six loopback IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're running a cluster (for testing or development) on a single computer, you assign loopback addresses to the master and tablet servers. For example, a replication factor of 3 (RF=3) requires six loopback IP addresses.
```

> To resolve this issue, run &quot;sudo ifconfig lo0 alias 127.0.0.x&quot; six times with different IP values replacing &#39;x&#39; in the octet, e.g. 127.0.0.2, 127.0.0.7, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this issue, run `sudo ifconfig lo0 alias 127.0.0.x` six times with different IP address values, such as 127.0.0.2 through 127.0.0.7.
```

> To learn more about prerequisites for installing YugabyteDB, see [Install YugabyteDB](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/quick-start/install/macos/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Install YugabyteDB](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/quick-start/install/macos/) for more prerequisites.
```

> ## ntp package missing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## NTP package missing
```

For YugabyteDB to preserve data consistency, the clock drift and clock skew across different nodes must be bounded. This can be achieved by running clock synchronization software, such as NTP or chrony. Below are some recommendations on how to configure clock synchronization.

To address this warning, make sure the ntp package is installed on YugabyteDB nodes.

> See [deployment checklist](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/deploy/checklist/#clock-synchronization) to learn more about clock synchronization requirements for YugabyteDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [deployment checklist](../../../../deploy/checklist/#clock-synchronization) for more clock synchronization requirements.
```

---
title: yugabyted Errors and Warnings
linkTitle: Errors and Warnings
description: yugabyted CLI errors and warnings
aliases:

>   - /latest/integrations/yugabyted-errors-warnings

Reviewer: Why? This is a new file, so just decide where it should live, and everything will link there.
